How come?
Isn't he the fox spirit just now?
What was he thinking?
I see it.
He is the shop queen Shen Tingting
The Gossip Boyfriend
No it is
How is this possible?
It's over.
I just called him a vixen and I'm dying at home
Mr. Gao, you have to save me
So let's start with this.
Welcome everyone to join our new father of the Shen family
The opening ceremony of the company
Now we have a new partner in the Shen family
I will take part of the business
The high bar handed over to the Gao family
Mr. Gao, it's your turn.
All applause
Wow, another beautiful woman
We have a lucky day today
Same character.
Different style
Then if you let me hug left and right
Let me live ten years less, I am also willing to
Will the two of them fight?
I didn't expect you to be Shen Tingting.
It's not too late to know.
Don't forget the bet between us
Don't worry, as long as Miss Shen is not willing to
I think I can still win
Mr. Xu doesn't need my help at all
His strength is far above mine
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.
And that's true.
Then we'll see.